[Intro] 

Long time ago I was pretty proud of myself
I was pretty proud of myself for one specific reason and you should know that I wasn't very proud of myself that often, what makes this story even sadder.
So lean back and enjoy 

[Verse] 

Oh you should picture me, as a teen
I am crying I will never get a girlfriend
Seems kinda plausible 

There's this girl that I liked 
With her blonde hair and a pretty smile
Oh her blue eyes 

[Pre-Chorus] 

Oh it's the first time I think:
She has this cute smile but says these smart things!
She is not just a puppet with a pretty little face
Not just a statue that I pray to every single day
Eureka!
Eureka! I discovered something new!
Eureka! 
She's a human too 

[Chorus] 

Oh I'm a 
Superficial Individual
And I don't think that's doing myself good
It's a
Pretty vicious, superstition
Cause noone is as perfect as he looks
We're all just crooked little trees
But who the fuck said that we have to be perfect?
And maybe
We're pretty
But pretty is the new fucked up 

[Verse] 

Oh I have never read much
But I've listened though
To all the stories that I got told

And I have learned that
If you wanna be liked by everyone that you hide yourself 

[Bridge] 

And you become a knight in armor shining bright
Just a plastic action figure
They only see your looks so that is what you try, you try to show them what they like
And after all you get bitter
After all you get bitter
And you look, only look on their outsides
You are shook, yeah you are shook by your own shallowness
That's what they made you do
That's what they made you to
[Interlude?] 

And yes yes you are correct to suspect that now normally the chorus would follow but hold up a minute ok?
Because I know that my mind is pretty poisoned and a little fucked up after all, but it's easy to just say: "It's not my fault!", blame it on society and cry alone while not doing something about it.
But I wanna do something about it!
I'm eighteen for gods fucking sake and I don't want to ruin my life before it even started!
I wanna do something about it and I will!
Maybe I'll go to therapy and until then hm, maybe I'll will write a few sad songs about how badly I feel but that's ok because I feel.
Yeah I feel and those emotions want to go out, spread out and live and so do I 
I don't wanna waste my life in my head I ...
I think I forgot something... oh yeah! 

[Chorus] 

Oh I'm a 
Superficial Individual
And I don't think that's doing myself good
It's a
Pretty vicious, superstition
Cause noone is as perfect as he looks
We're all just crooked little trees
But who the fuck said that we have to be perfect
And maybe
We're pretty
But pretty is the new fucked up